You may be contemplating,
‘Should I make the move?’
Prayerfully meditating,
‘Jehovah, what should I do?’
So let’s just take a moment
And try to help you decide.
‘Cause if you step on over,
You’ll be so happy you tried!
You gotta step on over
And leave your worries behind.
‘Cause when you step on over,
You will be blessed if you try, oh.
Step on over.
Step on over that Macedonia line!
The preaching work is amazing,
With overwhelming success.
You’ll be appreciating
How strangers give you their best.
And you will draw even closer
To Jehovah each day.
‘Cause he will always be there
To help you learn every step of the way.
You gotta step on over
And leave your worries behind.
‘Cause when you step on over,
Oh, the treasures you’ll find.
Maybe you’re thinking it over
And wondering if it’s right, oh.
You gotta step on over.
You will be blessed if you try, oh.
Step on over.
You gotta step on over that Macedonia line!